Add Root URL info under License file management (#24712)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/_index.md

```

This setting can also be set with an environment variable, which is useful if you're running Grafana with Docker and have a custom volume where you have placed the license file. In this case, set the environment variable `GF_ENTERPRISE_LICENSE_PATH` to point to the location of your license file.

### Root URL

> As part of the validation checks at startup, Grafana will compare the license URL to the [`root_url`](../installation/configuration/#root-url) in your configuration. Make sure to update the [`root_url`](../installation/configuration/#root-url) in your configuration. It should be the URL that users type in their browsers to access the frontend, not the node hostname(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the [`root_url`](../installation/configuration/#root-url) in your configuration. It should be the URL that users type in their browsers to access the frontend, not the node hostname(s).

This is important, because as part of the validation checks at startup, Grafana compares the license URL to the [`root_url`](../installation/configuration/#root-url) in your configuration. 
```

Reviewer: Try to write in present tense. "Compares" rather than "will compare."

> In `grafana.ini`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your configuration file:
```

Reviewer: Depending on the system, it might be custom.ini rather than grafana.ini. I recommend adding a link to #https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/installation/configuration/#config-file-locations, which outlines where users should edit their config files.

```
[server]
root_url = https://grafana.blah.com/
```

> Or with the environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or with an environment variable:
```
